woman in white t-shirt walks past blue wall that says " post no bills . "
a man with no shirt bent down getting something out of a bucket .
a baseball player from the tigers is sliding onto a base , while the umpire is running to see whether or not the player is safe .
a man in a blue cap with a blue sweatshirt is talking on a microphone while a man without a shirt smiles .
woman in nice clothes does not have an umbrella .
a women` s hand and arm with blue fingernail polish and a tattoo that reads no regrets .
a man with no shoes on is watching the sunset over a town .
a dog walking around with his leash but not with his owner .
man without shirt standing on top of a drum that people are holding in the air .
a barefooted man with no shirt on is playing a guitar .
someone is performing in the open without an audience .
a middle-aged man with a backpack playfully pretends to box with younger child who does not look phased .
man running with no shirt wearing number 129 on his shorts .
a woman is riding a bicycle in her underwear with " no oil " painted on her chest .
the batter missed the ball .
a man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks .
a orchestra practicing and playing music in a hall without an audience .
people can be seen walking down a quaint city street , past colorful buildings and cafe customers sitting under parasols , with no cars in sight .
young couple , the woman dressed in a black jacket , striped scarf and wearing blond pigtails seem to be engaged in a conversation , with the man not looking a little skeptical .
a group of 6 men are attempting to pick up or move a heavy missile looking object that is supported by a chicken foot .
here are ten people skating and one guy without a shirt dancing on concrete in a tree-lined park .
a dark-skinned boy with blue shorts , a black tank top , and sandals is standing on the walk or do not walk street sign .
three young boys are engaged in a game of do n't drop the melon .
two men are sitting on a patio , one has no shoes on and is drinking a bottle with a yellow cozy over it .
a man with no shirt on looking out of a window .
strolling down path to nowhere .
a girl is holding a green sign that says , " invisible children no child should be a shoulder . "
three men , one wearing a hat and two who are not , are kneeling on the ground digging in the dirt surrounding a cement platform .
the cowboy in blue is trying not to be thrown off of the horse .
a group of adults holding musical instruments , they do not appear to be playing the instruments .
a man in a blue ball cap and wearing no shirt working on a roof .
i am really not sure what this group is doing .
two men that are not wearing shirts look down from ledges on the side of a gray structure .
two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
an older , somewhat obese man with no shirt and a tattoo is looking out from the porch of his house while a cat sits on the steps below .
this building is n't in good shape .
the little kid just missed a soccer kick for the goal
there is a man in a kilt with tattoos and no shirt walking down the street carrying his skateboard .
a guy with no shirt and no shoes , who is painting the floor .
men playing volleyball , with one player missing the ball but hands still in the air .
a child in almost nothing but blue flip-flops is taking a walk .
a man with no shirt on is holding a football .
a large horse with gear , but no rider .
a woman in the picture has fallen down and no one is stopping to help her up .
a soccer player with no shirt standing in the middle of the field .
a lot of guys standing around talking without their shirts on .
an elderly gentleman displays that he still has n't lost his knowledge of how to operate , with just a couple of horses and an old plow , free of automation .
a man without a shirt is standing next to two other men in front of a large boat .
man wearing no pants pulling a cart down the street .
a little boy without a shirt on is standing in a forest , holding a small bird in his hands .
two men without shirt are standing on a grassy area next to a boy with his bicycle .
a woman in her early fifties walks by herself in the subway , another woman is not far behind .
many people taking pictures of the mountains in front of a no truck sign
a man is in midair after leaping from a diving board as no one looks on from the seats behind him .
a man sits alone in front of a building , hanging his head so low it appears to not exist .
why are n't these girls in the kitchen instead of playing with toys ?
there is no food at home and waiting for my son .
a man wearing white shorts and no shirt is performing tricks on his bike in a skate park .
a man holds up a tiny sign reading " i 'm a photographer not a terrorist . "
a young man with no shirt on is standing near a car with surfboards on it .
what 's a trip to the park without visiting the snack bar ?
a woman with scarves in her head sits with 3 others staring at the camera with no expression .
a man with no shirt is playing tennis .
a man without a shirt playing tennis .
a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .
an elderly man is holding a flag pole with a " do not tread on me " flag and a sign that says " thank you u.s. troops . "
little boy in red pants , no shirt , picking his teeth .
a man is riding a bucking horse trying to hold on and not get thrown off .
two boys wearing black shorts and no shirts kicking a ball over a net .
a young girl with a scarf on her head , not yet in her mid teens , gazing at something that may have caught her interest .
man with no shirt walking behind a truck .
a young boy at a skate park is flying high on his bike while using no hands !
man without a shirt is climbing a rock .
five people standing on a stage , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting .
an impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water .
three people stand , ready to ski , next to a no skiing sign .
three men , two with shirts , one without working on the roof of a house .
the man without a shirt is sitting on a rock by a tree .
a man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
four boys look at the basketball hoop , which is missing the netting .
people are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .
a stout gentleman does not know how to use his umbrella .
a woman wearing yellow is outside under a hut that has not yet been completely built .
a man in a cap , wearing no shirt or shoes , sits in a blue chair on a cobbled street and paints upon a canvas .
a young boy sits atop his dad 's shoulders as his dad grasps his child 's feet so he wo n't fall .
a man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football .
a boy and girl ride in the front of a small train labeled " mississippi train " .
a man sitting in the street with no shoes on .
a woman with long hair wearing a red jacket , orange pants and brown boots holds one hand high in the air as she bends over with one leg extended further than the other with no discernible floor under her feet .
police officer on a sheriff 's department motorcycle poses in front of a male service member of a color guard with a blurry festive background that includes another motorcycle with 2 civilians without helmets wearing jeans .
board games are fun , unless you do n't get laid if you win .
a boy wearing black pants and no shirt plays with a white balloon .
a person jumping their bike in the woods in front of trees with no leaves .
a native american person with missing teeth , a red hat and a red wrap or blanket , is smiling .
a black man , running in mud , with no shirt on .
a man is holding a souvenir that says " i 'm a photographer not a terrorist " at what appears to be a rally somewhere in europe .
a man walking past a lamp post with a sign saying ' no dogs allowed ' .
a man is rock climbing without a shirt
a man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it .
a kid sitting with no shirt or shoes on examining something he has found .
a child climbing timber stacks while a sign says " do not climb on timber stacks " .
a man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace .
a man with no shirt and a woman in a bikini in the water looking away from the camera .
a man , in cutoff jeans and no shirt , is standing in a crowd on the beach .
three young people stand on a stage outside with guitars over their shoulders in front of a crowd , with one person in the crowd also holding a guitar , but many of the people in the crowd do n't seem to be too interested in what is happening on stage .
onlookers are praying that the cowboy does not fall off the bull in the rodeo .
a man with glasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .
a man is on stage with no shirt on grabbing a pool at what looks like a tv sporting event .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth , with no shirt , wearing shorts .
a little boy is eating pie without utensils .
a man without a shirt on is rock climbing .
young boy with no shirt on working at a loom .
seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching .
a man with no shirt speed skateboards downhill .
a softball player swinging at a softball and missing it .
the police are putting up a do not cross line , while many spectators watch .
a good-looking firefighter sets up " do not cross " tape in the city .
a family with no home trying to make some type of shelter from sticks and tree limbs in a wooded area .
one man on the left with black hair , wearing glasses , and another man on the right with slightly graying black hair , without glasses but clasping his hands together , are laughing .
man in a dark blue snow jacket with black pants and blue snowshoes , tries to make it through to a snow covered entrance and does not quite make it .
four dark-skinned men with no shirts are working in a field with a cart and several cows .
no traffic because it is sunday and the man is waiting to cross the road .
a black man with no shirt is carrying a torch in front of bedazzled elephants .
four buddhist monks walk down a street ... and no , this is n't the beginning of a joke .
a man is riding the bike without wearing his helmet .
this man is fishing around a bunch of boats , he has n't caught one , yet .
a young boy with no shirt and white shorts .
the train is sitting at the train station with not too many passengers around .
three boy do " hear no evil , see no evil , speak no evil . "
an umpire and a catcher diligently wait for the batter 's next missed ball .
a group is dancing with no shoes , with lights in the background .
a man without a shirt working on a rooftop .
a brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it .
a small dog leaping , but not very high .
a man without a shirt , wearing a helmet , jumping a bike in the air near water .
a man with no legs is in a race with his wheelchair .
this man is looking at shirts in a store where the language is not english .
a man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
toddler boy with no shoes and pacifier has handheld .
a girl tries holding onto a vine so she so n't fall into the water .
kids are playing on a swing set as a man with no shirt on walks by .
a quartet of young people , possibly spanish or portuguese , wearing red bandannas , while one conspicuously does not , stroll down a boulevard .
a man wearing bright orange construction vest washing down a train with nothing but a long handled scrubber and a wash bucket
karate is not for the light-hearted !
a brown furry dog is biting a no hair brown dog .
a man without a shirt works on a roof .
a person wearing a colorful clown outfit without clown makeup on but with a sequined bandit mask and sequined witch hat , is creating something from an orange balloon .
man with an orange shirt is grinding on stone , he is not wearing shoes .
a man without a shirt plays drums .
a young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids , without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain .
a man in a long-sleeved lack shirt sitting at an organ in a large building as people 3 people look on .
an asian toddler eyes an alcoholic beverage he 's not old enough for .
the man , with no shirt , reaches into a bucket to extract the substance inside .
the young child sits on the swing without a thought in his mind .
a man with a beard wearing no shirt fixes a bike .
two girls play softball , one slides into plate as other fails to catch ball .
a woman wearing black leggings and a black tank top is running in a race while bicyclists follow not far behind .
an african american man is running near the water without a shirt .
a street scene perhaps at an event or rally of some kind , heavyset man in the foreground , no one is really facing the camera .
a soldier training a german shepherd for a mission .
a boy raises his arms amongst a crowd of people who are not in focus .
children eating at a outdoor cafe & someone does n't like the menu .
a french bike cab with no passengers , sitting by a crosswalk .
a lady in a red dress and a guy in a pinstriped suit ( but with no jacket ) are dancing the tango in a courtyard with an amplifier plugged into a wall .
two men not wearing any pants are sitting next to each other , both reading , on public transportation .
this is a man without a shirt jumping on a trampoline .
two men , one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt , are kicking each other without making contact .
a white male is wearing jean coat and pant while welding without eye protection .
a woman looks to have jumped on top of somebody holding a beer , the bar does n't seem too far behind .
a woman wearing a red and pink garment is making pottery out of clay on the ground with no shoes on .
a man wearing black pants and no shoes appears to float in a laundry room .
a man with long gray hear and a mustache sits on the ground and has on no shoes .
a man is standing in the doorway of a building containing a garage door painted with " no parking . "
a woman walking through a parking lot with no shoes on .
three chefs in a kitchen , the left most chef is flipping something in a frying pan , the middle chef is the only one without a hat , his hands are blurred from movement , the right most chef is wearing glasses and arranging food artfully on a plate .
three boys without shirts sit on concrete steps next to water .
a baseball player wearing a blue uniform with the letter 16 on it , is attempting to hit the base without the opposite team tagging him out .
a woman with a red no sleeve shirt with black shorts is running .
a man without a shirt is working on top of a building with scaffolding attached .
a group of soldiers are standing by a building , along with one man who is not wearing a uniform .
two caucasian males , one wearing a denim baseball cap and purple shirt , second guy with no baseball cap , wearing safety goggles , straddling a wood pallet .
man with no shirt on in a field .
two young boys with no shirt on , wearing shorts , and blue crocs on a rock .
a man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole
a man with no shirt and tattoos on his shoulder is walking near a truck .
two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
a man in striped socks and a brown and white jumper is using some kind of object i ca n't identify properly .
a girl hitting a softball but she missed the ball .
a guy outside of a gas station wearing no shirt and behind a red truck .
my two friends were working on our roof today and they just did not know where to start .
run , run careful do n't hit the van .
a group of guys are not he football field playing football .
a man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .
a young oriental girl receives help on a science project from an adult , not completely seen in the image .
two men trying to give directions and failing completely , confusing their victim in the process .
a man and woman pose for a picture together , with neither smiling .
a tall and bored looking man is just standing around doing nothing .
unexisting upon a field of nothing .
a man lounges in his room without eating for days .
there are two women wearing two piece bathing suits and a man wearing no shirt are in the middle of dome tents .
a brown kid wearing jeans and no shirt is weaving a straw rug .
a short-haired blue bird it may be wearing a black tank top and white pants is carrying a little girl with blond-hair as she holds on to her missing shoe
guy without a shirt in black pants doing stunts on his skateboard .
dark-haired man with no shirt standing outside .
two bums are sitting on a sidewalk outside a peace mission in portland oregon .
a man with glasses and no shirt looks in the mirror as he shaves .
a man with no shirt works on a conveyor belt .
a man is taking a picture of something you ca n't see off to the right .
three boys on a basketball court , wearing team uniforms , are attempting to reach a basketball which is not photographed but appears to be descending just out of their reach .
a woman is taking a picture of something not in the shot with her phone .
a young boy playing tennis on a wet court with no shoes .
a young black man wearing no shirt and low-riding jeans is popping a wheelie on a bicycle while listening to music through an earbud .
performing an illusion in a mall while people watch , completely clothed head-to-toe , one seated man elevates another seated man directly above him with nothing but a vertical pole between them .
this person is laying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and is missing a shoe .
a bike is flying in the air without a rider on a half pipe .
two children running with no shoes on .
families trying to check on the board for the names of their loved ones who went missing after an earthquake .
two men without shirts standing on a dilapidated roof talking to each other looking over a town .
a toddler sucks his finger while he sits in a stroller ; the stroller is indoors and the safety harness is not fastened .
a man without a shirt on is laying on the sidewalk .
a teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean .
a person wearing clothes that would not typically be found in us baseball is about to hit an incoming ball .
a boy rides a bicycle with no hands and a sign on his shirt in the shape of a lemon that says $ 1 .
a tattooed man in overalls , no shirt and a baseball cap is holding a microphone in front of a crowd and giving the " peace " sign with his other hand .
a young girl in a yellow dress and no shoes dancing on the dugout at a baseball game .
a person in the ocean wearing a protective vest is being lifted by a helicopter as part of a rescue mission .
a young boy with no shirt sits on top of a large mound of rocks .
a small white car is on the train tracks and may or may not have been hit by the train behind it .
volunteers are in this picture with their dog searching for a missing girls last known playing in the woods .
two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes .
the two ladies are missing each other .
a man running with no shoes on his feet .
a man is shoveling snow without a hat or gloves .
a woman on a bus that does not look very happy and the bus seems crowded .
a boy without a shirt on is jumping in the air almost upside down .
a man in a down jacket leans against a pillar with a missing persons sign while smoking a cigarette .
a group of three people pose for a picture with smile while another sits aside without smiling .
a man , talking on a cellphone , passes a brick building , with a sign on it , repeating , " never sleep again . "
a man is running on the beach with no shirt on .
men are covered in some red color , not wearing a top and playing checkers .
you african american boy with no shirt on smiling while holding a bowl of food .
a white man working a spotlight with no shirt on .
two coast guard officers out on a training mission .
old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand .
a middle-aged man 's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which does n't look like a bathroom .
three people wearing helmets and crime stoppers jerseys are walking down a street in a parade , with another woman wearing a green shirt and without a helmet .
people playing pool , one is a man wearing a blue shirt and the others are women but their heads are not within the camera shot .
dark-skinned individual having a failed high jump attempt .
a man and women wearing jeans and no helmets are riding on a suzuki street bike .
a little girl in a salmon skirt attempting to hit a soccer ball but missing .
a man in shorts with no shirt is standing in front of a group of people on the beach .
a girl wearing a blue tank top and kahki shorts has two tattoos and has no shoes on , is looking in a toy isle at transformers .
a little girl in a walker that looks like she may be up to no good .
three people in skiing gear are standing behind a " no skiing " sign .
the dog in the picture does n't like blowing dryer .
a man wearing no shoes and has his shirt unbuttoned is laying down in front of a doorway that is looking outside .
six males , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .
two men are wrestling without any shirts on while a judge or ref of some sort starts to interfere .
a statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .
a young girl sits on the edge of a stream in pink polka dot pants with no shirt .
a man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope .
a man not wearing a shirt is pouring something out a can while sitting on sand in front of a orange and red tent .
a man without a helmet is riding a red bike .
a crowd of people are standing no a busy sidewalk .
young man with no shirt skateboarding off a ramp outdoors .
a guy with no shoes trying to get on his bike .
this is a harsh city scene with no grass or greenery , tall buildings that bring too much shade and a feeling of decrepitness .
a man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building .
a girl closes her eyes as she swings the bat and misses the softball .
man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand .
there 's nothing like a hot day at the races and smelling the rubber burn
a young guy is brushing his teeth with no shirt standing in front of a mirror wearing his goggles .
missed that point by a landslide .
a guy in an orange shirt with no sleeves is in a marathon with a black-haired lady next to him .
a man with no shirt on is tying a yellow transparent bag closed .
a young man with no shirt on is wearing black pants and sneakers is jumping over a blue skateboard .
four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase .
a cricket player swings his bat , but misses .
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on
a man with no shirt sits on a rock in front of a blue building with a tin roof .
this guy is trying to not get booted in the rear by this bull , looks like he is doing pretty good .
a man with glasses and no shirt brushing his teeth .
a man without a shirt is working on the roof of a house .
a person trying desperately not to be photographed by putting their sweater over their head as they compute .
a man on a motorcycle with no shirt on at a bike event .
a bunch of kids in a classroom not doing any work .
a bike rider with khaki green shorts , a blue shirt , backpack and helmet is riding on the street near a red station wagon that is missing a hubcap on the back drivers side .
a large man with no shirt on standing next to a motorcycle .
the boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
a man with no shirt and black pants is playing the drums .
tourist wife upset with husband who ca n't makeup his mind .
a lady is playing jenga , hoping the tower does n't fall .
one boy running while carrying a football with four other boys not far behind in a game of flag football .
two enormous elephants standing on a platform not fenced in , with a lady sitting causally sitting on a bench , in front of them .
while seated on a chair , a man wearing a blue shirt , gray pants , multicolored bandanna , and no shoes is blowing through a long tube .
a man in a penguin suit runs with a man , not in a penguin suit .
group class for martial arts , some in uniform and some not , taking place in an outdoor facility .
two guys , with no shirts on are throwing punches while in a cage .
a woman 's hand with blue nail polish and a tattoo that says " no regrets . "
a man with no short and red pants is laying down on a sidewalk .
the lady watches the man without a shirt .
a man and a woman wearing coats are facing standing outside facing each other , but not looking at each other .
a man is standing with no shirt on is standing in waist-deep water .
a blond kid with no shirt stares out a glass door .
two men with no shirts are on a rooftop .
a man holds up a small sticker that says " i am a photographer , not a terrorist " while standing among a large group of protesters .
a woman does not waste the nice day by reading on the beach .
three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .
a man smokes next to a pillar with a sign for a missing woman taped to it .
a man with no shirt stands holding wire in a half built house .
boys having some great moments with a missionary in the city of kinshasa , democratic republic of congo .
a woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
three boys with no shirts on are sitting on cement steps by the water .
a man walking in the sand with no shoes on .
a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton .
a man is walking by a pole with a no pets sign .
three young , male members of a band , one of whose face is not shown , one who is playing a bass guitar , and one who is smiling .
sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head .
two men are riding on a subway while reading books without wearing any pants .
two men sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them .
a well tanned man , with sunglasses and no shirt on , is holding wire and smiling .
the young boy looks at the woman like she has no idea what he 's been through .
a male with no hair is exercising with waits in a gym .
three children wearing swim trunks and no shirts play in the surf .
a man with no shirt on is hunched over pressing a blade up against his right pectoral muscle , as he shows signs of agony .
a man is wearing a blue shirt , with no shoes trying to workout .
an elderly indian woman who is missing most of her teeth and holding a yellow flower .
the young boys are looking for apples that do n't exist .
a man in a brown shirt and jeans kneels with no shoes on a rug near a blue wall and a black gate .
a batter playing cricket missed the ball and the person behind him is catching it .
the gentlemen wait not speaking to one another .
two people looking at each other , a third person is not attentive .
a man with an egyptian headdress and no shirt on holds up a doll and smiles .
a man is fishing off a beach into a large body of water while a young boy carries a net not too far away .
two men without shirts are washing a roof .
three human carriages that are not in service , two of them being used by barefoot men for shade on a hot day .
a young caucasian boy with a rock star shirt being camera shy trying to not look at the camera .
two boys and two girls walk away from the camera , down a trail on the side of a hill wearing backpacks and jackets , though one girl does n't have a backpack on her back .
someone who does n't care about the earth was here .
a guy without a shirt on climbing up the side of a rock .
a man with white shirt and blue jeans pushing a truck with a picture of a woman edwards saying real colors never dye
man singing into a microphone with no shirt on is next to a woman playing an accordion .
i have no idea !
three college students studied quietly together missing out on a bright sunny day .
a baseball player reaches the base without being touched by the opposing player .
the lady is watching something she does not like .
the goalie of a ice hockey team misses the puck .
someone in a red shirt and no shoes is sitting with their possessions on the road .
a cowboy tries not to fall off of the bucking cow , while spectators , a man on a horse , and a rodeo helper observe .
two young black men play basketball , number ten wears a gsu jersey with white , and the other player wears light blue and yellow , but his number is not pictured , players line the stands , as the coach screams .
a man with a cap and jeans is washing the window not on ground level .
if it were not for the top of some man 's head , one would see a group of boy scouts sitting in front of a barricade surrounding a crowd of people holding english flags in birmingham .
the images are n't showing up , so i 'm going to assume the picture is lovely .
a man in a blue button up shirt making a speech with a sign next to him saying , " no more u.s. dollars to israeli pirates and murderers . "
a man in blue shorts without a shirt with a fit body running while listening to his ipod .
many people are sitting by long tables filled with computers but most are not using them .
blond girl with missing front tooth , in pool .
two men surfing , one with no shirt the other with a blue shirt , blue shirt riding a wave
two women are standing outside looking at something with funny expressions on their faces while the other people around them do n't seem to notice .
three people with backpacks walk up a road in a forest , not far behind one white and one black dog .
a man at the rodeo is riding his horse while upside down and not on the saddle
young people on skateboards and one without a shirt jumping in the air .
a man wearing no shirt is trimming his beard with an electric trimmer while standing in a driveway .
a man is rock climbing with no noticable harness .
during the election party not all the guest attending are happy .
a brown dog pays no attention to a young woman dressed in black passing nearby .
four men are sitting in front of two large windows ; one man is playing a guitar , one is playing the bongo drums , and two are sitting back without instruments .
a man wearing no shirt is sitting outside a barn on a rock
a boy with no shirt is standing in water .
three smiling people and two others not facing the camera standing outside of a shack at night .
many men , with black bags over their head and no shoes are being lead to a specific destination .
there is a man in shorts wading out waist deep in the water with nothing else in site .
a man wearing no shirt and reading a newspaper is standing in a park .
an older man is loving on a little boy , but the little 's face does not make it look like he is loving it .
a yellow bus with no 3113 on the bus stop and people hopping in .
a woman walks past a garage door that says " no parking any time . "
rabbits can be pets not just food .
a lacrosse player is looking at an object in the sky that is not the ball .
man wearing a helmet is taking two small children with no helmets for a ride on a motorcycle .
a man , not wearing a shirt , is sitting on a rock and looking through a makeshift telescope .
a child with a striped shirt and no shoes on rides the shoulders of a man with a red sweatshirt .
a man sitting on a panel not enjoying the speech .
a girl wearing a red tank top and denim shorts with no shoes is walking in a parking lot towards a group of stores .
one man without a shirt and a man with a hat steering are in a small boat .
a man without a shirt performs rollerblading tricks on a course .
two kids are looking up , one has no shirt and the other has on a white shirt with a stool on his head .
a woman with dark hair and a white shirt sitting at a table holding a young child with shorts and no shirt .
a man on a cellphone walking past four signs that all say " never sleep again "
a young man with no shirt on is riding a bike .
a kid without a shirt uses an innertube for shade .
a man swinging a cricket bat and missing the ball .
a man without a shirt standing on a roof .
many people have gathered to look at something that is not in the photo .
two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other .
a man and women are holding hands and dancing with many people in the background but they are not paying attention to them .
dozens of cyclists ride their bikes on a suspension bridge , with no cars visible .
hockey goalie dressed in black with vaughn printed on pad , appearing to have missed the puck .
there 's nothing in the world like taking my kids out play and being a good dad .
four young men stare up at a basketball hoop with no net , in an outdoor , urban basketball court .
a man standing on a boat full of people hands a child over to a man that is not on the boat .
a man walking with no shirt on and wearing sunglasses .
three men are bathing in a canal without their shirts .
a group of six people have jumped into the air in the middle of nowhere and one is catching a ball .
images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing images are missing
man in hat and overalls with no shirt standing with man in striped shirt
two men in germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts .
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench .
a lack dog and a brown and white dog run on a gravel surface with something red underfoot .
the men are without shirt and still enjoying the cold temperature outside their cabin .
a man wearing no shirt and a hat jumps in the air on a red bicycle .
two men with no shirts on a balcony pointing and looking up .
a boy band and no one even matches someone should have sent a memo .
a man and a woman sit on a bus , but not together .
a beach scene with three boys in swim shorts each holding paddle ball racquets but no ball in sight .
a man wearing a skirt talks to a man who is not wearing a shirt as people walk by , both in the street and on a sidewalk .
a man wearing a red t-shirt is snowboarding even though he 's not wearing a jacket .
workers making dangerous icy steps not so dangerous .
a girl on a bicycle doing a jump in the air with no hands .
a man with no shirt holds a light pole as he stands on part of the stage .
smoking is not good for health , it harms your lungs .
girl scaling rock wall without ropes .
a street performer wearing no shirt is doing an act with fire .
a man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others .
a construction worker pointing to an object or area not seen in photo .
four men in cargo shorts without shirts on are standing on metal scaffolding .
a small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
it seems like no matter when i read this , the news is always the same .
a woman with boots on sitting and not wanting a picture taken of her .
a woman is in a deep sleep without her shoes on .
a man wearing no shirt climbs the side of a large rock .
a young man without a shirt is wiping something
a person is scrubbing a toilet while wearing a gas mask , and oddly no gloves .
many people take pictures as a blond woman wearing a cover-up only costume holds a sign proclaiming " photographers not predators " on a pier .
a man wearing shorts and no shirt is squatting .
an older man , not white , is sitting at a table attempting to sell different varieties of soda and cigarettes , including pepsi , orange fanta , and marlboro .
a man with no shirt above a dumpster .
a man with no shoes on a mountain putting a pair of pants on .
a child with jeans and no shirt sits at the top of a mound of rocks .
they are here to ensure no one crosses the barriers .
there are several people in the photograph and you can not see their faces , but some of them are waving their arms around .
a player swinging and missing a baseball .
a hawaiian man without a shirt on and wearing a pink flower in his hair and a green wrap playing an instrument .
a bicycle rider flies over a hill while a competitor is not far behind .
a small female child , missing her front teeth , wearing pink shawl , blue jumper dress , her dark hair in two ponytails , smiling , making craft products with an older female who wears a white baseball cap , pink shirt and white jacket , inside a school gymnasium .
a kid eating out of a plate without using his hands .
two girls and a guy walk by large advertisement of man with no shirt on .
a bulldozer on a beach with no water .
a man with long , blond-hair and no shirt , walk behind a black truck .
a man with no shirt on and a hat is using a hammer and anvil .
a skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
a young teen boy is skateboard wearing some long black shorts and no shirt on .
two guys in a mirror , one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving .
man serving another man a beer without using a cup .
a man skateboarding against a construction wall reading no bikes .
a goalie on a hockey team with the colors of blue , white and yellow , ice skated pass the goal and did not manage to block the puck from the opposing team from going into his goal .
two men being watched by many , wearing no pants or shirt , one having tattoos and wearing some kind of headgear .
girl gets all her fingers cutoff trying to catch a frisbee , fail !
a woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sun sets .
a bald mad smokes a cigarette beside a pillar adorned with a poster of a missing young woman .
a middle-aged white male with blue jeans , black gloves , no shirt and a hat is working on a roof .
a woman in a blue winter coat and a person in a black winter vest are crossing the street when the " do n't walk " sign is lit .
two ladies dressed similarly without shoes on , doing a dance on a stage .
two topless men and a woman wearing a dress are splashing around waist deep in ice cold water ; the trees in the background have no leaves and the ground is covered with snow .
a man with medium length hair , wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt , on one knee at the beach , sculpting a sand castle with a trough .
a man with a white no sleeve shirt and red shorts about to hit a volleyball .
a child soccer player jumps for the ball to prevent it from going into the net but , does not successfully accomplish his goal .
the men decided it would be a nice day to take the boat out for a ride and pose together because they do n't see each other often .
a man on a motorcycle without a shirt and another man standing under shade .
two boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other has no shirt , sitting on a shoreline paying with water .
a boy scaling down rocks without any climbing gear .
an older woman with arm crutches is dressed in white and going through her white purse in front of a poster that reads " lack of money is the root of all evil . "
two men , one with a hat and one without , holds up bottles and a beaker while a woman stands beside them with a wineglass filled with a peach liquid .
a cloudy day in a city does n't keep away crowds of men and women on the sidewalks .
a chef standing behind a large pan of pepperoni pizza with one-fourths of the pizza missing .
people walk down a city street at nighttime in front of construction and a " do not enter " street sign .
a woman with no bra on and half naked posing next to a blue car .
an old man is walking home in the rain without an umbrella .
a man without a shirt , sitting on a chair on a riverbank , talking on a cellphone .
a man climber a large rock without any gear while his friends watch
the climber is hanging off a vertical cliff with gear but no shirt .
why , if it is n't bilbo baggins , playing the accordion .
a man with no shirt and a cigarette ties up a green garbage bag .
three teenagers , two without shoes having a water gun fight with various types of guns trying to spray each other .
several people in white clothes and red handkerchiefs , and one man who is not dressed like the others , congregate in a wide alley .
a man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background .
a man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people .
man walking around without a shirt , carrying the newspaper .
rock climber without a rope .
a blond girl sits at a bar next to a few other men who are not paying attention to her and she is sad .
an elder man wearing black shorts and no shirt on a beach is holding a bottle that 's in a brown bag while lifting his other hand toward a blue towel that is in front of a shirtless man standing next to the man wearing black shorts .
roofer going to get the rest of his tools after realizing the chainsaw is n't the right tool for the job .
two men , without any shirts on , are playing table tennis
five young people smiling for picture and one child not facing front
a little baby on a tricycle seems to not be wearing any clothes .
four construction workers stand on a beach-side road in the process of being rebuilt ; none of them are working .
two boys with no shirts on wearing blue crocks stand on a rock .
a man without a shirt on is riding a bicycle .
a young girl plays in the snow wearing gloves and no coat .
a cowboy is on the ground in a rodeo ring , holding onto his horse by a rope , just missing a calf .
a dance troupe of twelve people spotlighted and wearing black shirts , pants , and fedora hats holding canes above their heads being lead by another dancer dressed all in white and not wearing a fedora .
a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside .
a man with no shirt on is standing next to a dumpster outside .
a chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy chinese street .
a person with hat , long shirt , and jeans is standing in a stand of trees with no underbrush , bent over and examining the base of a tree , while a footpath crosses the bottom of the image .
a man wearing khaki pants and no shirt is shaving his face near a boxcar .
the man in the gray hooded jacket finds the missing piece .
man without shirt climbing rock face .
a professional tennis player returns a shot with a back hand from no man 's land .
a man with no shirt fishing .
three people standing in the snow behind a no skiing sign .
a biker is wearing all black gear with buildings and a tree with no leaves nearby .
eight young girls in a school gym are on mats , wearing gym clothes and practicing cheerleader moves while in the background are the backs of two more young girls , not on the mats , who are also practicing moves .
woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone
a bro is skating on a rail in a skate park with not much around except green grass and concrete .
an older gentleman in a coat is carrying a walking cane , garbage bag and end table with no top .
a man is skateboarding on a ramp without any shoes .
the back of two women looking at something which ca n't be seen but the reflection of one of the women can be seen in the mirror on the table .
a man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard along a railing not far from a brick wall .
five kids jumping for no real reason
skinny dark complected boy , jumping into a vast of water with his nose held so water does n't rush in .
a boy is sitting on a small boat with two flags flying from it not far from the coast with some trees in the background .
depressed man who does not know what to do .
there is n't a lot of action just a guy at a hotdog stand on normal day .
a young asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .
a boy climbing next to a " do not climb " sign .
a young asian woman walks past a blue wall that says " post no bills . "
trying very hard not to blend any of the yellow paint into the white .
man playing for a baseball team with a blue protective hat and baseball uniform , playing for south carolina , is swinging the bat and missing the ball .
a child with a stick and no shirt sitting in the grass
a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .
three men are working on some kind of equipment , but i 'm not sure whether it 's a ship or an oil rig .
after almost landing his ball in the water , a golfer fails at his recovery shot .
a small to medium sized white short-haired dog is looking up at an owner not in the photo .
i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture
a man in ethnic attire who is missing several teeth is smiling .
a dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish .
a stewardess on an airplane pushes a cart down the center isle , looking carefully so as not to bump any of the passengers .
the little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
an asian man with no shoes and wearing a white t-shirt carrying wood in baskets .
a female batter misses a yellow ball while another player practices behind her .
a man wearing blue pants and no shirt is painting a floor blue .
an older woman in a green shirt leaning against a white concrete block wall that has a sign on it that says no estacione .
a young woman is not wearing clothes and is taking a picture of herself .
a man sitting outside , without shoes .
a young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store .
a young woman wearing a short black and white skirt and no shoes , carrying a toddler wearing a red outfit and a hat while walking into deeper water from the shallow water on a beach .
an adult surrounded with nothing but sand leaping into the air .
skinny man with no shoes on eating barbecue ribs outside .
a man wearing a floral shirt and tie is holding drumsticks , as a man with no shirt and gray pants is smiling and holding another drumstick .
a man is welding without the proper safety equipment on .
a child with shaggy , straight , sandy-blonde hair holds up a misspelled sign reading " radeo " next to a radio-making kit .
a woman wears her hair down and does not have her head covered like those around her .
a black or mixed-race man wearing a denim jacket and baseball cap is holding one arm in the air and with his other hand is holding a microphone to his mouth , but he is not saying anything at the moment the picture is taken .
fat man climbs a tree , but his fat girl friend and dumb dogs wearing sweaters are not impressed .
a man with no shirt holding a baby aloft .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and no shirt has his back turned and is being embraced by two women who are both smiling .
there are four boys playing soccer , but not all of them are on the same team , the closest boy is on the red team wearing white trunks and a white shirt while the other three boys are on the blue team and wearing blue trunks and blue shirts .
an elderly looking man in europe is standing on top of a garbage can near the crosswalk as passersby take no notice .
a man with no shirt on is washing his shirt in the fountain in the middle of a park .
a man with a hat but no shirt attaches something to a building 's roof .
a man wearing no shirt is walking next to a black pick up truck .
a man wearing no shirt and many large feathers on his head is looking into a shoe store .
one young girl about six years old , with blond-hair wearing a lime green jacket , blue pants , and red rain boots , is tapping her foot in the lake and she does n't even see the canoe in the distance by the trees without leaves .
my date is not coming on time .
a man with no shoes sawing a piece of wood .
a man with no shirt and a robot head runs in a race .
there are two men , one wearing a shirt , one is n't , both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air .
a young japanese man does not like his picture taken .
an elderly woman with missing teeth holding a flower .
there is not an image here .
a young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
a man with a wakeboard is diving over a surface that is not water .
a man climbs up a cliff face with no safety equipment .
a woman playing an electric guitar that does n't have any strings .
the man with no shirt and flip-flops looks at the women in white shorts .
no male construction workers in a work area in a city .
a skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on .
the boy who is walking is wearing gray shorts and no shirt .
two men are showing a fighting move while one man appears not to be enjoying it too much .
a horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .
there are 3 people in this picture , a man who is looking through some object , another looking at something else perhaps not in the picture , and a little girl with her mouth open wide .
a little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in america .
two men with no shirts are jumping , the one in the foreground is wearing yellow trunks , and the one in the background is wearing blue pants .
a man wearing jeans and no shirt is midair doing a kick flip on a skateboard .
a man laying down on grass without socks or shoes , while his tie is covering his eyes .
a group of people on a cliff one with no shirt and khaki shorts , one in a black ball cap , white shirt and black shorts and another in a striped shirt , black shorts holding a video camera .
the colorful streets of a southeast asian city are lined with a few pedestrians , a few cyclists , but no automobiles .
a wild animal not found in america jumping through a field .
two ladies are wearing nothing except body paint and riding on bicycles in a street fair .
child in the road have no clothes
a woman in a short dress standing by a no parking sign .
shirt-wearing surfer meets a low wave head on , not far from fishing boat in background .
a man is setting up a camera to take shots of something that ca n't be seen near a zchtv wall .
two men playing soccer , and one man just missed the goal .
there is a little boy in a swimming pool area everything around the boy and the pool are wet however the boy is not swimming but instead he is jumping into the water with blue swimming trunks on and his arms out .
a surfer balances on a surfboard while another surfer is not on his board in the background .
a cowboy with a white hat fails to wrangle a calf at a rodeo .
a person , wearing no shirt , is sitting in a white chair staring over a ledge .
an old couple walks along a street that lacks color .
a woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side .
two guys are in he air with neither foot touching the ground .
a man with no shirt on , holding a cup , watches a woman wearing a yellow bikini top in a crowd .
the little boy in the blue t-shirt is smiling under the blue umbrella even though it is not raining .
a man is walking in front of an older home without any paint on it
a man in a beige shirt and a black helmet drives a small red vehicle with a cloth black roof and no doors or windows .
a young asian child stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the person taking their picture .
woman in a black dress walking passed a no parking zone .
something seems to be better than nothing as a young adult male plays a violin near the entrance of a store with his violin case open ready to accept the " tips " of his fans .
a man is standing on a dock with nothing on but a towel around his waist .
a lady is not too amused at this guy trying to get her attention .
a man with a hat , and no shoes lays on the ground after he wets himself .
sombody has stuck the face of groucho marx on a walk do n't walk button .
a man performs a stoppie trick on his bmx green bicycle with no hands .
here is a picture of locals hanging out in front of a store , talking on the phone and making sure their graffiti sign does n't get tagged .
a boy with no shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard .
a young man flies through the air in a no hands stunt on a bike .
three young boys playing hear no evil , speak no evil , see no evil
two little girls looking into the camera with no emotion on there faces .
i see people going into a yellow bus from another country , not united states .
several people sitting in front of a building taking pictures of a landmark not seen .
us troops keeping calm in a no fly zone at one of the crucial points in tripoli , libya .
a woman with no shirt rides a bike .
a man with curly hair and glasses tries to tug a large rope on a boat to no avail .
a young black man sits in a unfinished brick and mortar building , the large window to his left has no glass , it is daytime and the sun drenches the room , he sits at simple bench and desk holding two blue pens and reading from one of the two note books that lay on the desk , he wears a yellow polo and lights blue shorts .
a cyclist riding with no hands in a race .
a man without a shirt is standing next to a motorcycle , on a coast shore .
a child without a shirt running in the dirt .
a little toddler trying to look through a scope but ca n't reach it .
a young male swimmer , not wearing a swim cap , doing the backstroke in a lap pool .
a man in a hot spring tub smiling with no shirt .
a man with no shirt jumps of a ledge into the water .
a group of young asian men who are sans shirts and wearing identical black and white plaid pants with red belts are dancing and waving their arms in the air around a fire .
a woman wearing socks with no shoes is standing at the open back door of her car .
a man with no shirt is wearing gloves and holding a mask .
people viewing a sculpture with a man without a face , but with a suit , tie , glasses and a hat holding a multi color umbrella
a man with no shirt and purple pants crouches while tampering with a metallic object .
a girl trying not to get her picture taking on a college campus .
a white guy in the middle of missing another layup .
two people covered in paint stand behind a male who is not covered in paint , all waiting for a fresh fruit smoothie or juice .
variety is the spice of life no matter what the culture may be .
person with no hair and makeup sits next to others in front of portable toilets .
two men not looking at pictures .
a band plays outdoors playing guitars and drums , the singer wears sunglasses and a black shirt and bandanna with a goatee , the other man wears a fedora and purple shirt , the other players are not pictured .
man with number eleven uniform making a dive and missing the ball during a baseball game .
a male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room .
a goalie tried and failed to defend a shot in a hockey game .
older man working in a factory not looking too excited about the photograph .
a pole vaulter in a blue and red uniform has just gone over the bar but has not yet let go of the pole .
middle-aged women ( maroon shirt ) holding child ( white shirt ) and a young women ( green shirt ) in the not too far distance .
a man in a blue uniform lean against a wall with a no smoking sign .
protesters with " no new coal " signs in urban area .
a boy wearing a helmet and no shirt , in the air on a bike .
baby not wearing any clothing eating a meal on a green tray outside .
a man with no shirt on is rock climbing .
a man walks down the road leading a cow with no rider and another cow with a rider .
two motorcycle racers on a track , one without his motorcycle .
a young woman with long hair and no helmet is riding a skateboard in a park with a mural behind her .
the dog with all the comforts of home and yet still has no home .
a mormon missionary walks his bicycle past a metro sign .
a young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on .
a man working on a roof the man is not wearing a shirt because it looks like a hot day .
a man with a beard and no shirt on has his bicycle upside down and is repairing it .
a man wearing a vertical striped shirt and blue jeans naps without his shows on a brown couch covered with a red velveteen throw blanket .
a little asian girl standing in the mud with no shoes and holding a red umbrella .
a wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
a baby is lifted into the air by a man wearing no shirt .
a waiter waiting for a bus to take her home after long day without getting enough customers at the restaurant .
blue tractor digging in front of a building with a mural of a man laying down with no clothes on .
some people are standing up in a truck , or a large vehicle that is without a roof , that has normal ist anders painted on the right side of the windshield .
a man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle .
no faces are shown in this picutre of jeans and sweatshirts .
a motorcyclist speeds down a racing course , with no other riders in sight .
a man in a yellow shirt and a man in a plaid shirt walk past a man without a shirt who is holding a cup .
young karate student stares into the mirror at his failure in life .
two children without shirts on sit at the edge of a fountain .
a cricket player misses the pitch .
a man wearing tight green pants and no shirt is doing a handstand on a tiny platform on top of a pole .
a man does fake rock climbing on a park 's rock climbing rock that is no more than eleven feet tall .
children holding onto a tether so that they do n't get lost at a festival .
a man with no shirt is standing on a scaffold .
a man sits in a dingy stall which says " sol septu " on the sidewalk while a man poses before the stand but does not look at it .
two men in underwater breathing suits are underwater with another person not in a breathing suit .
the man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall .
two people are crossing the street , even though the sign says they should not be .
one individual with no shoes creating pottery in the sun while sitting on the ground .
two men on their laptops not talking to each other .
a blond boy slides down a sand dune on a skateboard with no wheels .
male artist with no shirt and a tattoo on stage at an even with a microphone with a purple backdrop and stage lights above him .
a group of people standing next to a " no truck 's " sign and a yellow street sign .
a man in a blue shirt with a yellow bag is alone near some trees with no leaves .
a man with a bowtie looks at the camera with no expression .
a large group of people are gathered in two slightly misshapen circles , in front a stage where a band is performing .
a lady thinking that she should not have bought such a hideous purse .
there is a little blond boy with a brown jacket with an orange strip on top a man , but you ca n't see the man 's body just his head .
a major league baseball player with the number 22 swings and misses .
a young man does n't understand why there is an egg on the table in front of him .
two very friends lost in the middle of the desert with nothing but a portable black mattress and a book with maps .
an older man holds a hammer while watching something we ca n't see .
a table of computer laptops and their users , in the background are people without computers .
a well lit concert area occupied by an ensemble that is currently not playing their instruments .
a boy wearing no shirt and some blue jeans is jumping in the air in the woods .
the cricket player just misses catching the ball .
a man with no shirt on and blue jeans .
that hotdog just was n't going down right , was it the drinking or the burnt dog ?
acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators .
people without shoes on acting like they are sleeping .
a man without safety equipment rides a snowboard across an elevated , curved surface
that does n't look like mud on the horse rider .
a boy without a shirt is running in the street while several people stand behind him .
barefoot men wearing black masks and no shirts are walking in a procession .
a man with no shirt is leaning on a half-door .
new sport is being played to show appreciation to the kids who can not walk .
a line of people at a carnival game , with one woman failing her right arm .
a man with no shirt plays basketball .
a man in a brown hat is helping a man with no hair up off the ground .
a man drinking coffee does not notice a cat behind him .
a young person in a hat is coming through an entrance labeled " no fumar " ( no smoking ) .
a woman , with no shoes on , is getting into the backseat of a car .
a man meditating on a tall building with no shoes on
bicyclist walks bike down a tunnel that does n't allow cycling .
what is this i do n't even .
four horses with cowboy riders running near a fifth horse that has no rider .
not having such a good day .
skateboarder not wearing a shirt does a cool trick .
a young man in a blue short-sleeved shirt climbs up a rock face with no ropes .
a baby in a polka dot bib is not happy eating his soup .
a woman who appears to be a student , laughs at something that her male companion does n't seem to find amusing .
two men wearing shorts and no shirts playing beach volleyball .
a man with no shirt sits on a black moped .
a man is rock climbing without gear .
the bagel shop is no longer in business .
three young men on a boat with no life jackets .
a man without a shirt on walking behind a maroon ford truck .
three women with headscarfs holding packages , two smiling , one not .
a man in glasses completes a task beside a monitor that is not on .
some elements are too small to visualize without a microscope .
a man with no shirt on and holding a blue container is getting soaked .
this fruit market is not busy yet .
two young women wearing white tennis shirts are touching hands but not making eye-contact while a man in the behind them walks by .
a woman in a green jacket presses the " do not walk " button so she can cross the road .
a troupe of three , one with a cello and one with a violin , perform in a room without a stage .
a group of people not wanting to take a picture .
people on a highway celebrating ( i honestly do n't know )
a city street at night with a person under an umbrella and a " do not enter " sign .
a dog with no tail runs in the dirt .
a little girl in cuffed jeans , a long-sleeve pink shirt and no shoes is sleeping on the sofa .
a dirt bike racer jumping off a hill with another racer not far behind .
people are sitting in the grass not wearing shirts .
a very brave person is skying down a steep slope with no clouds in the sky .
a man wearing nothing but a cloth around his waist is standing , facing a crowd with a bright red substance on his back .
a boy from another country is being photographed by a tourist , and he does n't know what to make of it .
a boy is shaving a african american 's hair in a home setting he has clothing over him so he does n't get hair on himself .
two baseball players are trying to catch this ball and not dance with each other .
two groups of people crossing a street with no traffic , with multicolored multistory apartment buildings and a religious building in the background .
during a race , the blue biker cleared a jump safely , while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping .
a man wearing no shirt rides a skateboard with a brown dog .
a man pulls a yellow hose , there is a shadow in the background that is clearly not his own .
a lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
a man smokes while leaning against a pillar , which has a " missing person " flier posted on it .
two young men one in a yellow sweatshirt and the other has no top on they are tossing a piece of green material .
a bunch of hippies laying on the ground being entertained by something we ca n't see .
two men , one without a shirt , are looking at bags of fish hanging from a rack .
an old guitar player without a shirt on is pointing , sweating .
several people are standing holing on yellow bars while others are holding nothing .
an asian man with no shirt on is cleaning .
woman who just took pizza out of the oven and ca n't wait to eat it .
a baseball player ( not the pitcher ) is winding up to throw the ball to another player .
a man without shirt is working with woods .
man during sunny afternoon top of roof fixing light without shirt .
a young girl with a missing shoe is held by a woman in white pants with a black top .
this child is visiting the pet zoo for the first time and did not expect the deer to give him a kiss .
a smiling , middle-aged hispanic or indian woman with braided hair , missing teeth and a round red cap and red shawl is standing outside by some buildings on a sunny day .
a young girl 's hand with blue nail polish and a tattoo that says ' no regrets ' in cursive lettering is clenched in a loose fist in front of a black and white zippered handbag .
these two men playing soccer show they are n't afraid to get a little dirty in the name of sports .
two african american women without helmets are riding on a scooter , the passenger is waving to the camera .
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
a lack dog leaps in front of a tree branch in the snow .
a man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his ipod .
this dude is asian , and works on computers all the time , not stereotyping .
a man with a disability who does n't have legs is walking with another man who is entered into a marathon .
musician playing guitar without the drummer .
a guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building .
a woman is staring outside to a man in a gray jacket not looking back at her .
women swinging very high with a missing shoe .
a man talking on a cellphone passes by a billboard stating , " never sleep again . "
a man not wearing a shirt dancing by himself with his eyes closed .
a skinny young man running with no shirt on
a foreign person walks with a material down a walkway heading through a residential area of a foreign country that is not recognizable through the photo .
a man wearing shorts but no shirt works on a sand sculpture at the beach while two people buried in the sand watch underneath a blue umbrella .
two young men stand outside a home in the middle of winter with no coats on and wait to be let in .
a man dressed as a prisoner being punished for not having a permit .
a little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox .
two women in large sombreros smile next to a no smoking sign .
women playing a game similar to hockey , but with no ice .
a busy street of people and two men are wearing no shirts .
man smoking a cigarette in a subway station near a missing poster .
a young boy jumping into a pool that says " no diving " .
a group of people are either standing or sitting , some are wearing hats and scarves , while some are not .
i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture i do n't see a picture
a man without a shirt walking towards a gas station .
people outside , this young woman does n't look too happy .
a man in football gear is running with the football with an opposing team member not far behind him going in for a tackle .
a child who is missing one shoe is sitting on a red cushion .
a newsstand so packed with magazines , candy and coke-a-cola products that the smiling woman working behind the counter is easy to miss .
a man without a shirt on is guiding a large brown horse pulling a green and yellow wagon .
a man that is not wearing a shirt is brushing his teeth .
a young woman is rock climbing with no rock climbing gear on .
several men without shirts wrestle on the grass as a crowd watches
a man without a shirt wearing black jogging shorts and a woman in a black t-shirt and red shorts jog together through a park .
a woman at graduation without a cap on .
a man is holding up a card that says " i 'm a photographer not a terrorist " overlooking a crowd of people .
a man posing with a " november ca n't come soon enough " poster .
a guy without a shirt sleeping in front of a window .
two little girls with no facial expressions stand close to each other in a city .
a man aims his camera at something in front of him but he is n't looking through the camera .
hawaiian man wearing a lauhala with no shirt surrounded by tress is playing a wooded instrument while woman watches him .
two young boys are outside talking and are n't wearing shirts .
a policeman is on horseback nearby not looking at the men on the corner .
a boy with no shirt and a volleyball in his hand .
a child wearing blue tee-shirt playing with an orange pinata without a blindfold .
a black dog about to jump into a lack to get a small ball .
a man without a shirt is sitting in a black chair on a crowded sidewalk .
a man in nothing but a pair of shorts and green crocs stands on a bridge covered with snow .
a man in a blue and black jersey and missing one foot hits a volleyball from a sitting position .
a little boy in black shorts and no shirt is holding on to handles as he flies down a rope .
a man with no shirt on playing the drums .
a puppy with no tail is held by its collar by its owner .
a woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind .
man with lots of tattoos and no shirt , wearing a skirt .
the person looks cautiously into traffic to be sure no car is coming .
a boy is riding a bicycle with no hands near a group of people .
a man without a shirt runs through water spraying out of a large silver dome .
two men without shirts on working on a roof of a building that has been damaged .
three individuals are posing on skis behind a " no skiing " sign .
a man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head .
man , who can operate without looking , tosses pizza dough while two others watch .
inside a vehicle , a blond woman with a single-lens reflex ( slr ) camera is gesturing at someone ( not visible ) behind her seat .
no protection football guy getting tackled
a young man , without apparent protective gear , is on a bicycle jumping over small hills of sand or gravel , with a long bridge and tall buildings in the background .
two women who did not aim the camera at their faces .
a young boy is climbing a stack of timber next to a sign that says not to climb on timber stacks .
a white woman in a green shirt talking to a child with no shirt on .
there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain
a man with no shoes sits on a bicycle rack next to a pile of trash .
a groom holding up his bride 's train to ensure that it does n't get wet on a rainy day .
a man with no shirt standing on a scaffolding .
people try to make a point about how big companies do n't care about people and only car about money .
two skateboarders walking down a street filled with no parking sings .
this bathtub is not staying in the old house .
a girl with long blond-hair in the middle of nowhere with mountains in the background wearing a shirt from argentina .
a man with no shirt sitting on a moped .
a male tennis player , wearing a white headband , misses an in-bounds ball .
an asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city .
a boy selling lemonade for $ 1 rides his bike with no hands as he advertises his product to a long line of people .
a man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff .
a woman teaching a young girl not to be afraid of puppies .
a man with no hair is singing .
a girl stands on the ledge of her window while wearing no socks .
man with no shirt and woman wearing all black are running in the sand .
a snowboarder rides down a handrail without snow .
one older man in a game preserve is standing with ear protection on while a younger man not wearing ear protection holds a rifle .
two people are having a nontraditional marriage outside and without traditional tuxedos or dresses .
two female volleyball players on the court with the one in the front falling because she missed the ball .
a man wearing red pants without a top is holding on to a ladder .
this dog does n't seem to appreciate how awesome his hat is .
the bulls wins , but not before it is stopped in its tracks .
several hockey players are at the end zone as the goalie misses the puck which slid into the net .
two toddlers , one topless , one without pants , standing on a floor with water sprinklers .
a man in plaid pants and a vest is speaking into a microphone to a group of people , who do n't appear to be looking at him .
two young boys wearing shorts , no shirt , and blue crocs , standing on a rock posing for a photo with an open field and trees in the background .
man with no shirt on climbing rocks
a young child with no shirt and flip-flops sits on a skateboard in the middle of a street .
a woman in a blue shirt with no bra .
lady does n't have time to speak to a real person .
not appearing within my field of vision .
a man in a white shirt and black shorts running along the edge of a lack along a concrete path , with buildings and trees in the background .
a girl with a tattoo on her wrist that reads " no regrets " has her hand outstretched .
individual trying a task never done before but watching his image in the water below him .
a man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge .
a bearded man wearing no t-shirt fixes his bicycle .
a man shaves his neck but not his beard .
a man with a black baseball cap , blue shorts , gloves and no shirt is standing atop a roof .
a man and a woman are smiling for the camera but the woman is not looking at the camera .
a woman wearing blue nail polish is showing her " no regrets " tattoo to the camera .
a group of young children in a village with no paved roads .
a lone , 2-3 year old blond child in a blue jacket is putting a small black plastic item in his mouth as he kneels on a waiting room couch pointed toward the back while looking at something or someone not in the room .
man with no shirt on wearing shorts and hiking boots standing with hand on his head looking out onto a mountain .
a smiling girl with no shirt on and braids in her hair plays in the water of a public fountain .
a man wearing a hard hat stands in front of buildings not yet finished being built .
park ranger dave cites a car for not having a license plate in the proper place .
a skateboarding man with no shirt does a trick and people walk in a busy city scene .
a man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .
