a small female child , missing her front teeth , wearing pink shawl , blue jumper dress , her dark hair in two ponytails , smiling , making craft products with an older female who wears a white baseball cap , pink shirt and white jacket , inside a school gymnasium .
a man with no shirt holds a light pole as he stands on part of the stage .
a man wearing no shirt and a hat jumps in the air on a red bicycle .
a man in shorts with no shirt is standing in front of a group of people on the beach .
a man without a shirt on is rock climbing .
two men , one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt , are kicking each other without making contact .
a man with no shirt is leaning on a half-door .
a man in a hot spring tub smiling with no shirt .
a well tanned man , with sunglasses and no shirt on , is holding wire and smiling .
a man with a white no sleeve shirt and red shorts about to hit a volleyball .
three children wearing swim trunks and no shirts play in the surf .
a bike rider with khaki green shorts , a blue shirt , backpack and helmet is riding on the street near a red station wagon that is missing a hubcap on the back drivers side .
middle-aged women ( maroon shirt ) holding child ( white shirt ) and a young women ( green shirt ) in the not too far distance .
a kid sitting with no shirt or shoes on examining something he has found .
a man with no shirt on is tying a yellow transparent bag closed .
a boy with no shirt is standing in water .
two young women wearing white tennis shirts are touching hands but not making eye-contact while a man in the behind them walks by .
a middle-aged white male with blue jeans , black gloves , no shirt and a hat is working on a roof .
two men wearing shorts and no shirts playing beach volleyball .
man without shirt standing on top of a drum that people are holding in the air .
a man with no shirt and purple pants crouches while tampering with a metallic object .
a man with no shirt on is washing his shirt in the fountain in the middle of a park .
a group of people on a cliff one with no shirt and khaki shorts , one in a black ball cap , white shirt and black shorts and another in a striped shirt , black shorts holding a video camera .
a baby is lifted into the air by a man wearing no shirt .
a young black man wearing no shirt and low-riding jeans is popping a wheelie on a bicycle while listening to music through an earbud .
man in hat and overalls with no shirt standing with man in striped shirt
two young boys with no shirt on , wearing shorts , and blue crocs on a rock .
two boys wearing black shorts and no shirts kicking a ball over a net .
a man on a motorcycle with no shirt on at a bike event .
a man wearing no shirt climbs the side of a large rock .
an old guitar player without a shirt on is pointing , sweating .
three people wearing helmets and crime stoppers jerseys are walking down a street in a parade , with another woman wearing a green shirt and without a helmet .
a skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air .
a man in a blue shirt with a yellow bag is alone near some trees with no leaves .
a young boy plays in the snow without a shirt on .
a person , wearing no shirt , is sitting in a white chair staring over a ledge .
a white man working a spotlight with no shirt on .
a man with no shirt on is hunched over pressing a blade up against his right pectoral muscle , as he shows signs of agony .
two caucasian males , one wearing a denim baseball cap and purple shirt , second guy with no baseball cap , wearing safety goggles , straddling a wood pallet .
a man without a shirt standing on a roof .
man without shirt climbing rock face .
skateboarder not wearing a shirt does a cool trick .
a guy without a shirt sleeping in front of a window .
a young girl with a front tooth missing dressed in a plaid skirt and blue shirt riding on a shopping cart in a grocery store .
a man with no shirt plays basketball .
a man without shirt but wearing a flower necklace is holding a flag pole
man with no shirt and woman wearing all black are running in the sand .
a man with no shirt is wearing gloves and holding a mask .
a group of young asian men who are sans shirts and wearing identical black and white plaid pants with red belts are dancing and waving their arms in the air around a fire .
an older woman in a green shirt leaning against a white concrete block wall that has a sign on it that says no estacione .
man during sunny afternoon top of roof fixing light without shirt .
a busy street of people and two men are wearing no shirts .
a man in a cap , wearing no shirt or shoes , sits in a blue chair on a cobbled street and paints upon a canvas .
you african american boy with no shirt on smiling while holding a bowl of food .
a man wearing no shirt is trimming his beard with an electric trimmer while standing in a driveway .
a man is on stage with no shirt on grabbing a pool at what looks like a tv sporting event .
a man with no shirt sits on a black moped .
the man with no shirt and flip-flops looks at the women in white shorts .
a man with no shirt sits on a rock in front of a blue building with a tin roof .
a young boy with no shirt and white shorts .
a man wearing no shoes and has his shirt unbuttoned is laying down in front of a doorway that is looking outside .
a man not wearing a shirt is pouring something out a can while sitting on sand in front of a orange and red tent .
a man with long , blond-hair and no shirt , walk behind a black truck .
a black man with no shirt is carrying a torch in front of bedazzled elephants .
a man with no shirt on playing the drums .
two little kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other .
a tattooed man in overalls , no shirt and a baseball cap is holding a microphone in front of a crowd and giving the " peace " sign with his other hand .
a man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building .
there is a man in a kilt with tattoos and no shirt walking down the street carrying his skateboard .
an african american man is running near the water without a shirt .
a man wearing blue pants and no shirt is painting a floor blue .
a man wearing no shirt and reading a newspaper is standing in a park .
no faces are shown in this picutre of jeans and sweatshirts .
a man with no shirt fishing .
a man without a shirt on is guiding a large brown horse pulling a green and yellow wagon .
a man with no shirt speed skateboards downhill .
a wet , smiling child without a shirt poses with arms raised .
a woman with a red no sleeve shirt with black shorts is running .
a man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace .
man with lots of tattoos and no shirt , wearing a skirt .
a small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
a man , not wearing a shirt , is sitting on a rock and looking through a makeshift telescope .
a man without a shirt on walking behind a maroon ford truck .
a guy with no shirt on is skateboarding .
a man in a brown shirt and jeans kneels with no shoes on a rug near a blue wall and a black gate .
a man wearing jeans and no shirt is midair doing a kick flip on a skateboard .
a child with a striped shirt and no shoes on rides the shoulders of a man with a red sweatshirt .
a guy outside of a gas station wearing no shirt and behind a red truck .
a man wearing shorts but no shirt works on a sand sculpture at the beach while two people buried in the sand watch underneath a blue umbrella .
a young girl with blue and pink ribbons in her braids , without a top and a woman with a white t-shirt and a zebra skirt wading in a public water fountain .
two young boys are outside talking and are n't wearing shirts .
a man with an egyptian headdress and no shirt on holds up a doll and smiles .
a man with no shirt standing on a scaffolding .
a man with no shirt on and holding a blue container is getting soaked .
a kid without a shirt uses an innertube for shade .
a lot of guys standing around talking without their shirts on .
a man without a shirt walking towards a gas station .
a man with no shirt and a cigarette ties up a green garbage bag .
a man with no shirt is standing on a scaffold .
an asian man with no shoes and wearing a white t-shirt carrying wood in baskets .
a young man with no shirt on is wearing black pants and sneakers is jumping over a blue skateboard .
a man is running on the beach with no shirt on .
a man with no shirt jumps of a ledge into the water .
man running with no shirt wearing number 129 on his shorts .
a man in a blue ball cap and wearing no shirt working on a roof .
a man in a blue shirt rides a skateboard along a railing not far from a brick wall .
a soccer player with no shirt standing in the middle of the field .
two young men one in a yellow sweatshirt and the other has no top on they are tossing a piece of green material .
a boy with no shirt and a volleyball in his hand .
a man with no shirt works on a conveyor belt .
young people on skateboards and one without a shirt jumping in the air .
a man not wearing a shirt dancing by himself with his eyes closed .
a lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock .
a man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle .
a brown kid wearing jeans and no shirt is weaving a straw rug .
a boy wearing no shirt and some blue jeans is jumping in the air in the woods .
two men with no shirts are jumping , the one in the foreground is wearing yellow trunks , and the one in the background is wearing blue pants .
a man with no shirt is playing tennis .
a young child with no shirt and flip-flops sits on a skateboard in the middle of a street .
a person with hat , long shirt , and jeans is standing in a stand of trees with no underbrush , bent over and examining the base of a tree , while a footpath crosses the bottom of the image .
a man without a shirt working on a rooftop .
a man wearing no shirt climbs a steep cliff .
a man wearing a floral shirt and tie is holding drumsticks , as a man with no shirt and gray pants is smiling and holding another drumstick .
a skateboarder attempts a trick with no shirt on .
a man with a hat but no shirt attaches something to a building 's roof .
hawaiian man wearing a lauhala with no shirt surrounded by tress is playing a wooded instrument while woman watches him .
a man with no shirt and black pants is playing the drums .
a man wearing a vertical striped shirt and blue jeans naps without his shows on a brown couch covered with a red velveteen throw blanket .
a man with white shirt and blue jeans pushing a truck with a picture of a woman edwards saying real colors never dye
a man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .
man walking around without a shirt , carrying the newspaper .
two boys with no shirts on wearing blue crocks stand on a rock .
a man with no shirt on is holding a football .
a man wearing shorts and no shirt is squatting .
four dark-skinned men with no shirts are working in a field with a cart and several cows .
two men being watched by many , wearing no pants or shirt , one having tattoos and wearing some kind of headgear .
a man in a beige shirt and a black helmet drives a small red vehicle with a cloth black roof and no doors or windows .
two girls and a guy walk by large advertisement of man with no shirt on .
a man working on a roof the man is not wearing a shirt because it looks like a hot day .
a child with a stick and no shirt sitting in the grass
a woman in a bikini top is on the bench and a man with no shirt is talking to her .
a young boy with no shirt sits on top of a large mound of rocks .
a teenager wearing striped shorts and no shirt is skateboarding down a road a long the ocean .
a man without a shirt , wearing a helmet , jumping a bike in the air near water .
a man with no shirt above a dumpster .
a young man in a blue short-sleeved shirt climbs up a rock face with no ropes .
a man without a shirt works on a roof .
a man in yellow pants and wearing no shirt is being watched by many people .
a man wearing a red t-shirt is snowboarding even though he 's not wearing a jacket .
a man in blue pants and no shirt is doing a skateboard trick while another man films it .
a man with no shirt and wearing sunglasses is holding a football .
a little boy without a shirt on is standing in a forest , holding a small bird in his hands .
a man without a shirt wearing black jogging shorts and a woman in a black t-shirt and red shorts jog together through a park .
a young man climbing on a rock with no shirt on
two men in germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts .
a man without a shirt playing tennis .
a man wearing no shirt rides a skateboard with a brown dog .
two men surfing , one with no shirt the other with a blue shirt , blue shirt riding a wave
six males , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .
the little boy wearing no shirt is running by a crowd of people .
a man with no shirt and a woman in a bikini in the water looking away from the camera .
an older , somewhat obese man with no shirt and a tattoo is looking out from the porch of his house while a cat sits on the steps below .
a guy with no shirt and no shoes , who is painting the floor .
a child with jeans and no shirt sits at the top of a mound of rocks .
a man with glasses and no shirt brushing his teeth .
a man with no shirt sitting on a moped .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and no shirt has his back turned and is being embraced by two women who are both smiling .
the boy sits in the sand with no shirt .
a woman with no shirt rides a bike .
a man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge .
one man without a shirt and a man with a hat steering are in a small boat .
a band plays outdoors playing guitars and drums , the singer wears sunglasses and a black shirt and bandanna with a goatee , the other man wears a fedora and purple shirt , the other players are not pictured .
a man without a shirt is working on the roof of a house .
a man with no shirt on , holding a cup , watches a woman wearing a yellow bikini top in a crowd .
two men , without any shirts on , are playing table tennis
the climber is hanging off a vertical cliff with gear but no shirt .
a skateboarding man with no shirt does a trick and people walk in a busy city scene .
a guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building .
a blond kid with no shirt stares out a glass door .
a street performer wearing no shirt is doing an act with fire .
a man without a shirt is sitting in a black chair on a crowded sidewalk .
a man with a beard and no shirt on has his bicycle upside down and is repairing it .
people are sitting in the grass not wearing shirts .
a man without a shirt runs through water spraying out of a large silver dome .
two boys , one wearing a blue shirt and the other has no shirt , sitting on a shoreline paying with water .
four men in cargo shorts without shirts on are standing on metal scaffolding .
an asian man with no shirt on is cleaning .
two guys in a mirror , one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving .
a man wearing white shorts and no shirt is performing tricks on his bike in a skate park .
two men without shirts standing on a dilapidated roof talking to each other looking over a town .
dark-haired man with no shirt standing outside .
a man , in cutoff jeans and no shirt , is standing in a crowd on the beach .
a man wearing tight green pants and no shirt is doing a handstand on a tiny platform on top of a pole .
a man without a shirt on is laying on the sidewalk .
a barefooted man with no shirt on is playing a guitar .
man with no shirt and tatoos on back airborne with skateboard in hand .
a man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope .
a man with no shirt on and blue jeans .
an elder man wearing black shorts and no shirt on a beach is holding a bottle that 's in a brown bag while lifting his other hand toward a blue towel that is in front of a shirtless man standing next to the man wearing black shorts .
while seated on a chair , a man wearing a blue shirt , gray pants , multicolored bandanna , and no shoes is blowing through a long tube .
there are four boys playing soccer , but not all of them are on the same team , the closest boy is on the red team wearing white trunks and a white shirt while the other three boys are on the blue team and wearing blue trunks and blue shirts .
a smiling girl with no shirt on and braids in her hair plays in the water of a public fountain .
two men without shirts are washing a roof .
a hawaiian man without a shirt on and wearing a pink flower in his hair and a green wrap playing an instrument .
a man wearing no shirt is walking next to a black pick up truck .
two men with no shirts jumping over a rail .
a young man with no shirt on is standing near a car with surfboards on it .
a man with no shirt stands holding wire in a half built house .
a bearded man wearing no t-shirt fixes his bicycle .
a man in a blue button up shirt making a speech with a sign next to him saying , " no more u.s. dollars to israeli pirates and murderers . "
three men , two with shirts , one without working on the roof of a house .
a man with a black baseball cap , blue shorts , gloves and no shirt is standing atop a roof .
two children without shirts on sit at the edge of a fountain .
man with no shirt on wearing shorts and hiking boots standing with hand on his head looking out onto a mountain .
male artist with no shirt and a tattoo on stage at an even with a microphone with a purple backdrop and stage lights above him .
a girl with long blond-hair in the middle of nowhere with mountains in the background wearing a shirt from argentina .
a man without a shirt is standing next to two other men in front of a large boat .
a black man , running in mud , with no shirt on .
a man with no shirt and a robot head runs in a race .
a large man with no shirt on standing next to a motorcycle .
barefoot men wearing black masks and no shirts are walking in a procession .
a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .
a woman with dark hair and a white shirt sitting at a table holding a young child with shorts and no shirt .
a guy without a shirt on climbing up the side of a rock .
a little boy in black shorts and no shirt is holding on to handles as he flies down a rope .
a man is rock climbing without a shirt
a young man with no shirt on is riding a bike .
a man is standing with no shirt on is standing in waist-deep water .
a man walking with no shirt on and wearing sunglasses .
man with an orange shirt is grinding on stone , he is not wearing shoes .
three boys with no shirts on are sitting on cement steps by the water .
two men with no shirts on a balcony pointing and looking up .
the little boy in the blue t-shirt is smiling under the blue umbrella even though it is not raining .
a man on a motorcycle without a shirt and another man standing under shade .
a man without a shirt is working on top of a building with scaffolding attached .
a young girl sits on the edge of a stream in pink polka dot pants with no shirt .
two men are wrestling without any shirts on while a judge or ref of some sort starts to interfere .
man with no shirt on in a field .
shirt-wearing surfer meets a low wave head on , not far from fishing boat in background .
a man with no shirt bent down getting something out of a bucket .
two kids are looking up , one has no shirt and the other has on a white shirt with a stool on his head .
man with no shirt walking behind a truck .
the men are without shirt and still enjoying the cold temperature outside their cabin .
a boy rides a bicycle with no hands and a sign on his shirt in the shape of a lemon that says $ 1 .
a man with a beard wearing no shirt fixes a bike .
a man wearing khaki pants and no shirt is shaving his face near a boxcar .
a man with no shirt on looking out of a window .
a man that is not wearing a shirt is brushing his teeth .
a man with glasses and no shirt looks in the mirror as he shaves .
a man without a shirt , sitting on a chair on a riverbank , talking on a cellphone .
acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators .
the man is wearing a no sleeve shirt and blue jeans on a graffiti wall .
a man with no shirt on and a hat is using a hammer and anvil .
a man with no shirt on is rock climbing .
woman in white t-shirt walks past blue wall that says " post no bills . "
someone in a red shirt and no shoes is sitting with their possessions on the road .
a young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing .
a man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks .
a man without a shirt is standing next to a motorcycle , on a coast shore .
a man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others .
a young guy is brushing his teeth with no shirt standing in front of a mirror wearing his goggles .
a young teen boy is skateboard wearing some long black shorts and no shirt on .
two guys , with no shirts on are throwing punches while in a cage .
man singing into a microphone with no shirt on is next to a woman playing an accordion .
a skinny young man running with no shirt on
an impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water .
a man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head .
man without a shirt is climbing a rock .
a young caucasian boy with a rock star shirt being camera shy trying to not look at the camera .
a boy without a shirt on is jumping in the air almost upside down .
a man with no shirt and tattoos on his shoulder is walking near a truck .
guy without a shirt in black pants doing stunts on his skateboard .
a child wearing blue tee-shirt playing with an orange pinata without a blindfold .
young man with no shirt skateboarding off a ramp outdoors .
two men , one without a shirt , are looking at bags of fish hanging from a rack .
two young boys wearing shorts , no shirt , and blue crocs , standing on a rock posing for a photo with an open field and trees in the background .
a man in blue shorts and without a shirt is jogging down the road while listening to his ipod .
there are two women wearing two piece bathing suits and a man wearing no shirt are in the middle of dome tents .
a man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background .
a man with medium length hair , wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt , on one knee at the beach , sculpting a sand castle with a trough .
a man without a shirt performs rollerblading tricks on a course .
a man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
the man , with no shirt , reaches into a bucket to extract the substance inside .
people playing pool , one is a man wearing a blue shirt and the others are women but their heads are not within the camera shot .
two men that are not wearing shirts look down from ledges on the side of a gray structure .
a man in a yellow shirt and a man in a plaid shirt walk past a man without a shirt who is holding a cup .
a man without a shirt on is riding a bicycle .
two men without shirts on working on a roof of a building that has been damaged .
a man wearing a skirt talks to a man who is not wearing a shirt as people walk by , both in the street and on a sidewalk .
a man in blue shorts without a shirt with a fit body running while listening to his ipod .
a man wearing no shirt and many large feathers on his head is looking into a shoe store .
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench .
a woman in a yellow shirts walks through a park with her dog not far behind .
a man wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside .
a guy in an orange shirt with no sleeves is in a marathon with a black-haired lady next to him .
the lady watches the man without a shirt .
a man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .
a man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman .
young boy with no shirt on working at a loom .
the boy who is walking is wearing gray shorts and no shirt .
little boy in red pants , no shirt , picking his teeth .
a man with no shirt on is performing with a baton .
the man without a shirt is sitting on a rock by a tree .
two men with no shirts are on a rooftop .
here are ten people skating and one guy without a shirt dancing on concrete in a tree-lined park .
three boys without shirts sit on concrete steps next to water .
a boy wearing black pants and no shirt plays with a white balloon .
a man with no shirt on is standing next to a dumpster outside .
a woman in a blue shirt with no bra .
a man wearing no shirt is sitting outside a barn on a rock
man with no shirt on climbing rocks
a boy with no shirt is doing a trick on a skateboard .
this is a man without a shirt jumping on a trampoline .
two men without shirt are standing on a grassy area next to a boy with his bicycle .
a young man without a shirt is wiping something
this man is looking at shirts in a store where the language is not english .
three men are bathing in a canal without their shirts .
a man with a cigarette in his mouth , with no shirt , wearing shorts .
a child without a shirt running in the dirt .
a boy without a shirt is running in the street while several people stand behind him .
a man without shirt is working with woods .
a dance troupe of twelve people spotlighted and wearing black shirts , pants , and fedora hats holding canes above their heads being lead by another dancer dressed all in white and not wearing a fedora .
a little girl in cuffed jeans , a long-sleeve pink shirt and no shoes is sleeping on the sofa .
a boy wearing a helmet and no shirt , in the air on a bike .
kids are playing on a swing set as a man with no shirt on walks by .
a man is wearing a blue shirt , with no shoes trying to workout .
a man in a blue cap with a blue sweatshirt is talking on a microphone while a man without a shirt smiles .
several men without shirts wrestle on the grass as a crowd watches
there are two men , one wearing a shirt , one is n't , both wearing red pants and holding onto a ladder with both arms and their legs extended out into the air .
a man without a shirt plays drums .
a white woman in a green shirt talking to a child with no shirt on .
a man with no shirt holding a baby aloft .
