a kid sitting with no shirt or shoes on examining something he has found .
a girl wearing a blue tank top and kahki shorts has two tattoos and has no shoes on , is looking in a toy isle at transformers .
a man wearing black pants and no shoes appears to float in a laundry room .
a man with a hat , and no shoes lays on the ground after he wets himself .
a man in a cap , wearing no shirt or shoes , sits in a blue chair on a cobbled street and paints upon a canvas .
two children running with no shoes on .
a woman is in a deep sleep without her shoes on .
women swinging very high with a missing shoe .
a man wearing no shoes and has his shirt unbuttoned is laying down in front of a doorway that is looking outside .
many men , with black bags over their head and no shoes are being lead to a specific destination .
a man walking in the sand with no shoes on .
a man in a brown shirt and jeans kneels with no shoes on a rug near a blue wall and a black gate .
a child with a striped shirt and no shoes on rides the shoulders of a man with a red sweatshirt .
two men are sitting on a patio , one has no shoes on and is drinking a bottle with a yellow cozy over it .
a man with no shoes sawing a piece of wood .
an asian man with no shoes and wearing a white t-shirt carrying wood in baskets .
a man with long gray hear and a mustache sits on the ground and has on no shoes .
a man running with no shoes on his feet .
a man is skateboarding on a ramp without any shoes .
a man lies in an alley next to two plastic bags , wearing one shoe and no shirt .
this person is laying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and is missing a shoe .
two young girls eating corn on the cob on a sidewalk without shoes .
a woman walking through a parking lot with no shoes on .
one individual with no shoes creating pottery in the sun while sitting on the ground .
a little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in america .
a guy with no shirt and no shoes , who is painting the floor .
man in a dark blue snow jacket with black pants and blue snowshoes , tries to make it through to a snow covered entrance and does not quite make it .
a young girl with a missing shoe is held by a woman in white pants with a black top .
while seated on a chair , a man wearing a blue shirt , gray pants , multicolored bandanna , and no shoes is blowing through a long tube .
a man with no shoes sits on a bicycle rack next to a pile of trash .
a man with no shoes on a mountain putting a pair of pants on .
a girl wearing a red tank top and denim shorts with no shoes is walking in a parking lot towards a group of stores .
a child who is missing one shoe is sitting on a red cushion .
a shirtless man with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .
a woman , with no shoes on , is getting into the backseat of a car .
a young girl in a yellow dress and no shoes dancing on the dugout at a baseball game .
two girls are standing in shallow water without shoes .
man with an orange shirt is grinding on stone , he is not wearing shoes .
a woman wearing socks with no shoes is standing at the open back door of her car .
a man with no shoes on is watching the sunset over a town .
a short-haired blue bird it may be wearing a black tank top and white pants is carrying a little girl with blond-hair as she holds on to her missing shoe
a guy with no shoes trying to get on his bike .
a man sitting in the street with no shoes on .
someone in a red shirt and no shoes is sitting with their possessions on the road .
people without shoes on acting like they are sleeping .
a man meditating on a tall building with no shoes on
a group is dancing with no shoes , with lights in the background .
a little girl runs down a summer street with no shoes and a lunchbox .
toddler boy with no shoes and pacifier has handheld .
an impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water .
a young boy playing tennis on a wet court with no shoes .
two ladies dressed similarly without shoes on , doing a dance on a stage .
a man sitting outside , without shoes .
a little asian girl standing in the mud with no shoes and holding a red umbrella .
a woman wearing a red and pink garment is making pottery out of clay on the ground with no shoes on .
a man wearing no shirt and many large feathers on his head is looking into a shoe store .
a man laying down on grass without socks or shoes , while his tie is covering his eyes .
skinny man with no shoes on eating barbecue ribs outside .
a young woman wearing a short black and white skirt and no shoes , carrying a toddler wearing a red outfit and a hat while walking into deeper water from the shallow water on a beach .
three teenagers , two without shoes having a water gun fight with various types of guns trying to spray each other .
a little girl in cuffed jeans , a long-sleeve pink shirt and no shoes is sleeping on the sofa .
a man is wearing a blue shirt , with no shoes trying to workout .
